Real-World Applications of RPA.
The best way to get a proper understanding of RPAs potential is probably to have a look at real-
world applications of the technology.
In the following slides, we'll take a look at three real world applications of RPA from my own experience.
Then I will share a link to a very informative blog post with you, where you can find 67 more
RPA use cases and applications to have a look at.
We will start with the Finnish company "Fingrid". Fingrid is a Finnish national electricity transmission
grid operator and Fingrid's human resources department had monthly peak periods where HR resources had to
check if time reporting of all Fingrid personnel was correct.
Checking the recorded hours was a tedious task and was creating pain for the HR resources.
The solution was an RPA called Tero, or "Tero the hero", as they like to call him, and that is an
RPA that does two types of work in the payroll process.
First, Tero is checking holidays in the working time monitoring system, and then Tero is checking
the correctness of overtime entries.
So this means that Tero has been taught the rules for overtime work contained in the working our legislation
in Finland.
The next example is a large international bank with a branch in Norway.
So the bank needed to reduce the workload coming from a large number of mortgage loan applications.
In particular, they wanted to avoid spending employees time on applications that were to be declined
and wanted these to be scored as "red".
Other applications should be scored as "green" or "yellow", depending on their urgency. The process of
deciding what applications to be scored as red, yellow or green, were completely rule-based. Then
what is more perfect than to apply RPA?
I don't know, but that is what they did.
The solution was an RPA solution that was developed to do all the data entry and to integrate data
from a number of different computer applications into a scoring model, thus scoring the application
to red for decline; yellow or green. Communication with the applicants and back office personell on email
and via various digital channels and applications are part of the automated process.
The third example is for a large Norwegian insurance company. Insurance claim handlers spend
an awful lot of time preparing insurance claims for handling.
This includes assisting policyholders and clients with claim filing; like requesting personal information,
recalling policy information from databases, verifying that the client does not have overdue payments
and preparing proper documentation.
It also includes entering claim documentation and data into various systems and calculating claim values.
All this is done before they can even start accepting or rejecting a claim.
So the solution here was also an RPA solution that was developed to prepare the claim, including
collecting data, entering claim data into systems, do necessary claim calculations, and notifying
the claim handler that the insurance claim was ready for their expert opinion on whether the claim should
be accepted or rejected.
For the company in question, the RPA is preparing tens of thousands of claims each year, and it
saves a lot of time that before the implementation was spent by humans on work that required very
little thinking.
All right, so if you want to have a look at more examples, I could really recommend you to go to
AI Multiples blog on this link.
The blog post contains 67 RPA use cases and are probably the most complete list of RPA application
areas
you could find. And the use cases are categorized into five buckets:
So first, we have "Common business processes and activities".
Then we have "Activities in commercial functions" such as sales and customer relationship management.
Then we have "Activities in support functions".
So that includes tech support, technology, finance, human resources, operations, and procurement.
And then we have "Industry specific activities".
So we have used cases for banking, insurance, telecom, retail, manufacturing, health care and governments.
And the last category is "RPA applications for personal use", such as digital assistants.
Check it out.
Section summary.
In this section of the course, we have covered a basic implementation plan for piloting RPA, we've
had a look at how to create an RPA Center of Excellence and what roles and responsibilities are needed.
And we had a to look at some critical success factors for succeeding with an RPA initiative, before
we saw some real-world applications of RPA in different businesses.
In the next section of the course,
I will tell you how you can take what you've learned further; whether you want to start your career
as an RPA developer or as an RPA project manager.